ReadMe.md, before:

# SimpleComponents
[Simple Components](https://github.com/phamthehung-NET/SimpleComponents) is a collection of easy to use and implement [Razor components class libraries](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/class-libraries?view=aspnetcore-7.0&tabs=visual-studio)

This project includes components:
* Calendar

### Setup

Add reference to style sheet & javascript references
Add the following line to the head tag of your _Host.cshtml (Blazor Server).
If you already imported bootstrap v5.1 for your project, you can skip this step

#### Head Inclusions
```html
<link href="./_content/SimpleComponents/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
```
##### Example: (head)
```html
    ....
    <link href="{YourBlazorProject}.styles.css" rel="stylesheet" />
    <link href="./_content/SimpleComponents/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>

```


Then add a reference to the Calendar JavaScript file at the bottom of the respective page after the reference to the Blazor file.
If you already imported bootstrap v5.1 for your project, you can skip this step
#### Body Inclusions
```html
<script src="./_content/SimpleComponents/js/bootstrap.bundle.js"></script>
```

##### Example: (body)
```html
    ....
    <script src="_framework/blazor.webassembly.js"></script>
    <script src="./_content/SimpleComponents/js/bootstrap.bundle.js"></script>
</body>
```

### Usage
SimpleComponents will update the bound content variable on change in the editor.

``` html
@page "/"

<SimpleComponents.Calendar T="ObjectDTO"
                    Context="Context"
                    Events="Events"
                    MinDate="DateTime.Now"
                    ShowedDate="DateTime.Now"
                    HighLightToday="true"
                    StartDayOfWeek="DayOfWeek.Monday">
</SimpleComponents.Calendar> 

<h2>@content</h2>

@code{
    private string content;
}
```

## ToDo
Add additional configuration and add drag calendar events handling. Will be updated in v0.0.2

Commit message:

update readme and jquery import

ReadMe.md, after:

# SimpleComponents
[Simple Components](https://github.com/phamthehung-NET/SimpleComponents) is a collection of easy to use and implement [Razor components class libraries](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/blazor/components/class-libraries?view=aspnetcore-7.0&tabs=visual-studio)

This project includes components:
* Calendar

### Setup

Add reference to style sheet & javascript references
Add the following line to the head tag of your _Host.cshtml (Blazor Server).
If you have already imported bootstrap v5.1 for your project, you can skip this step

#### Head Inclusions
```html
<link href="./_content/SimpleComponents/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
```
##### Example: (head)
```html
    ....
    <link href="{YourBlazorProject}.styles.css" rel="stylesheet" />
    <link href="./_content/SimpleComponents/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>

```


Then add a reference to the Calendar JavaScript file at the bottom of the respective page after the reference to the Blazor file.
If you have already imported bootstrap v5.1 and jquery v3.7 into your project, you can skip this step
#### Body Inclusions
```html
<script src="./_content/SimpleComponents/js/bootstrap.bundle.js"></script>
<script src="./_content/SimpleComponents/js/jquery-3.7.0.min.js"></script>
```

##### Example: (body)
```html
    ....
    <script src="_framework/blazor.webassembly.js"></script>
    <script src="./_content/SimpleComponents/js/bootstrap.bundle.js"></script>
    <script src="./_content/SimpleComponents/js/jquery-3.7.0.min.js"></script>
</body>
```

### Usage
SimpleComponents will update the bound content variable on change in the editor.

``` html
@page "/"

<SimpleComponents.Calendar T="ObjectDTO"
                    Context="Context"
                    Events="Events"
                    MinDate="DateTime.Now"
                    ShowedDate="DateTime.Now"
                    HighLightToday="true"
                    StartDayOfWeek="DayOfWeek.Monday">
</SimpleComponents.Calendar> 

<h2>@content</h2>

@code{
    private string content;
}
```

## ToDo
Add additional configuration and add drag calendar events handling. Will be updated in v0.0.2
